---
id: product-overview
title: Product Overview
sidebar_label: Product Overview
---
pingg is a social networking site made for gamers to link up and play their
favorite games both online and in person. pingg offers a variety of features
that make it easy to connect with players from around the world that will
provide you with an enjoyable gaming experience. Foremost, pingg provides a
continuous, scrollable feed containing content generated by other users,
curated to your preferences. Through this feed, pingg provides a platform to
make text, image, and video posts that will be visible to other users. Users
may upvote your post when it appears in their feed to increase its visibility,
or they may follow you to see more of your content. Users can tag their posts
with particular games, which will allow you to curate your feed based on your
game preferences. pingg’s search function also uses the tagging system, and you
can search by tag to stay up to date on community activity for individual
games. In addition, pingg allows users to set up a customizable public profile
to show their preferred games, playstyle, skill level, past aliases, and
region. Posts from users with similar data to you are more likely to appear in
your feed by default, but the search function will allow you to manually search
for players using this data as well. Finally, to promote an overall sense of
community, pingg provides a regional density map that shows the worldwide
distribution of players for various games.

